---
layout: post
title: 02 students from YIRLoDT visited Korea for AI & SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY FORUM
date: 2025-11-01 01:59:00
description: this is what included image galleries could look like
tags: formatting images
categories: sample-posts
thumbnail: assets/img/9.jpg
images:
  lightbox2: true
  photoswipe: true
  spotlight: true
  venobox: true
---

✈️ PTIT X KOREA 🇰🇷 | A JOURNEY OF INSPIRATION AT THE AI & SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY FORUM

Five student representatives from the Posts and Telecommunications Institute of Technology (PTIT) have completed an intensive study and research program at Sogang University, Seoul, under the “Sogang Korea – Vietnam AI & Software Technology Workshop 2025.”

The program helped PTIT students:
- Gain deeper insight into how AI and software research are conducted in a global academic environment
- Strengthen critical thinking, teamwork, and scientific presentation skills
- Expand their career perspectives in Artificial Intelligence and Software Technology

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/sogang1.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

At Sogang University, students visited and worked with leading research labs, including:
- Machine Learning Systems Lab
- Smart Vision & Media Lab
- HAILO Lab & High Performance AI System Lab
- NAVIS Centre (Edge AI for GNSS navigation and spoofing detection)

They also had the opportunity to interact directly with experts and academics, including:

From PTIT:
- Assoc. Prof. Dr. Cuong Pham – Dean, Faculty of Artificial Intelligence
- Dr. Nguyen Tat Thang – Lecturer, Faculty of Information Technology 1
- Ms. Do Thanh Huong – Officer, Center for International Education
- 05 excellent students (02 students from YIRLoDT Laboratory - Tran Duc Quan and Vu Ket Dong)

From Sogang University:
- Prof. Dr. Sooyong Park – Dean, College of Computing
- Assoc. Prof. Dr. Gordon Euhyun Moon – Department of Computer Science and - Engineering
- Assoc. Prof. Dr. Sung In Cho – AI Department

And from Hanoi University of Science and Technology (HUST):
- Dr. Dinh Viet Sang – Vice Dean, School of Information and Communication Technology
- Dr. Nguyen Dinh Thuan – Senior Lecturer

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/sogang2.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

During the forum, PTIT representatives presented research on AI and software applications, highlighting PTIT’s research directions, international collaboration, and the development potential of AI in Vietnam, reinforcing the institute’s position in the regional technology landscape.

Beyond the academic activities, students explored the Sogang campus, experienced Korean culture, and built meaningful international connections in Seoul.

